{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15820\viewh10000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My animation is about a scuba diver who is trying to find someone friendly in the ocean. He tries to say hello to the puffer fish, but the latter only expands. Then, the diver tries to say hello to the crab, but the crab only moves his claws. Lastly, the diver finds another diver, and says hello to her, the second diver says hello back and they become friends; the diver finally found what he was looking for.\
\
Use of look_at() is seen when the diver is swimming from the puffer fish to the crab and the camera follows, and also after the encounter with the crab- when the diver swims up. Then, the camera continues to follow the diver, but it also goes back and to the left to allow the girl diver enter the frame.\
\
My custom shape is a pyramid. I used it for the diver\'92s fins where I scaled it to be a triangle (I couldn\'92t use the triangles given because the vertex was not in the middle). Further, the puffer is made from a sphere and many pyramids. \
\
Texture mapping is seen for all objects:\
- materials for scuba diver\'92s suit\
- texture of puffer and crab\
- texture for sand and background \
\
I used object files for: green seaweed, pink coral, and orange coral. \
These are the websites I used:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.models-resource.com/gamecube/giftpia/model/6082/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.models-resource.com/gamecube/giftpia/model/6082/}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.yobi3d.com/v/DG7edKiP0O/tubep.obj"}}{\fldrslt https://www.yobi3d.com/v/DG7edKiP0O/tubep.obj}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.models-resource.com/wii_u/supersmashbrosforwiiu/model/11021/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.models-resource.com/wii_u/supersmashbrosforwiiu/model/11021/}}\
\
Further, I took the music from youtube, on this link:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEH7KgQY380"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEH7KgQY380}}\
\
}